# Images

| Component | Short code | Image |
|--|--|--|
| Service manager | sm | data.stack:sm.2.0.0 |
| Base | base | data.stack:base.2.0.0 |
| Gateway | gw | data.stack:gw.2.0.0 |
| Common | common | data.stack:common.2.0.0 |
| Proxy | proxy | data.stack:proxy.2.0.0 |
| User | user | data.stack:user.2.0.0 |
| Deployment manager | dm | data.stack:dm.2.0.0 |
| Notification engine | ne | data.stack:ne.2.0.0 |
| Security | sec | data.stack:sec.2.0.0 |
| Monitoring | mon | data.stack:mon.2.0.0 |
| Partner manager | pm | data.stack:pm.2.0.0 |
| FaaS base image | faas-base | data.stack:faas.base.2.0.0 |

# Stories

* STO1013	[UI]  Multilevel Workflow & Field Level access control
* STO1064	[BE]  Multilevel Workflow & Field Level access control
* STORY1088	[TXN] As a user i should be able to CUD data on data-services using transactions if workflow has been enabled and i have Skip-Review permissions
* STORY1089	[TXN] As a user i should NOT be allowed to do CUD data on data-services using transactions if workflow has been enabled and i don't have Skip-Review permissions
* STORY1110	As a user I should be able to add super admins to groups.

# Defects

* DEF1033	[Author][Insights]:Provide a new tab for bots and provide the bots logs info in it similar to user tab.
* DEF1259	[Author][Insights]:In insight,on clicking user  tab its throwing error 'Unable to fetch logs'
* DEF1332	[Appcenter][DS]:For a DS Allow deletion of related records=>true  after deleting the related record the data should be deleted from parent record also
* DEF1357	[Author][Groups]:User with any permissions in author roles tab is able to access functions.
* DEF1516	[State Model] State model dropdown is not required for rework record when it is in initial state. 
* DEF1525	[TXN] Txn with Statemodel isn't working for normal users. 
* DEF1527	[Author] Unable to import existing user / add new user in newly created app
* DEF1528	[Author]Cannot create list of values as attributes in library
* DEF1529	[Workflow][AppCenter] All the fields in map and date are not displayed in the workflow  view page
* DEF1533	[Author] DELETE requests giving 400- bad response error in transaction api request
* DEF1537	[Author] Cannot deploy dataservices for newly created apps on bifrost.ds
* DEF1538	[Author][Permissions]403 when trying to save and deploy DS
* DEF1542	[Appcenter][Maker Checker] Unable to submit the record with value for user attribute.
* DEF1543	[Author][User][Group]Some older users present in the app is not accesible in the groups page
* DEF1546	[Maker Checker] When maker checker is enabled and normal user with permission opens the DS listing page the records are not visible.
* DEF1552	[Appcenter][View] Error being displayed while trying to view a record
* DEF1553	[Appcenter][Maker Checker] Unable to submit the record with value for relation attribute and state model configured.
* DEF1557	[AUTHOR][PERMISSIONS] 403 Cannot save and deploy ds when permissions are manage for design only
* DEF1558	[AUTHOR][PERMISSIONS] 403 Cannot save and deploy ds when permissions are manage for design and integration only
* DEF1559	[AUTHOR][PERMISSIONS] 403 Cannot save and deploy ds when permissions are manage for integration only
* DEF1561	[AUTHOR][PERMISSIONS] 403 Cannot save and deploy ds when permissions are manage for design, integration and experience only
* DEF1563	[AUTHOR][PERMISSIONS] 403 Cannot save and deploy ds when permissions are manage for all data service access settings
* DEF1566	[Maker Checker] Unable to approve records with permissions.
* DEF1567	[Maker Checker] Unable to reject record with permissions.
* DEF1568	[Appcenter]Unable to see add data button in ds 
* DEF1569	App value needed for this API 2
* DEF1571	[Author] User can be removed from group without having any permission changes
* DEF1573	App Center Roles page is blank
* DEF1575	[Author]Save and deploy inactive for user
* DEF1576	[Author][Groups]User is not able to update appcenter roles in  Groups Page in certain apps 
* DEF1577	[Author][Permissions] [Functions] Add function option is not there for users with manage permission
* DEF1584	[Author] Not able to add SuperAdmin to group
* DEF1588	[Appcenter] Cannot delete record 
* DEF1589	[Appcenter] New dataservice not being displayed even after roles are enabled
* DEF1591	[Author][Groups]The filter in add member clears up the moment the filter is applied
* DEF1592	[App Center] Unable to save record when selected a user as value from the dropdown
* DEF1598	[Maker Checker] Unable to approve records with state model.
* DEF1602	[Maker Checker] The record is getting created without completing all the number of approvals under a step.
* DEF1603	[Author] Cloned DS including the experience tab, doesn't copy the contents of experience tab.
* DEF1604	[Maker Checker] [State Model]  User is stuck in edit page.
* DEF1605	[Maker Checker] The checker steps goes out of the respond modal when there more steps.
* DEF1606	[Maker][Checker] Same user in the grp is able to do multiple approvals in a step
* DEF1609	[Maker][Checker] Not able to use the users from group after sent for rework 
* DEF1611	[State Model][Appcenter] State model history is not displayed
* DEF1612	[State Model][API] PUT or POST doesnt work when state model is not present in the payload
* DEF1613	[State Model][Author] Unsaved changes modal missing on adding a change in state model and clicking cancel
* DEF1614	[Appcenter][History] Clear filter link on history dropdown does nothing. Please remove it
* DEF1617	Maker Checker] When there are no records then it shows empty screen.
* DEF1623	[Appcenter] While trying to view a record or edit a record , you don t have access to api error is being displayed
* DEF1628	[Author] [User] As an Appadmin unable to make another user as Appadmin in QA instance
* DEF1629	[Author] [Group] Unable to create New Group on QA instance
* DEF1638	[Maker Checker] User with review permission is not able to access the DS in appcenter.
* DEF1645	[Inline Filter] The filter for user attribute isn't working.
* DEF1649	[Author] API request page shows 'No operations defined in spec!' message for normal user
* DEF1650	[Advance Filter] 'Not contains' is not working for location attribute.
* DEF1655	[Maker Checker] A re-submitted record in a step with 2 approvals moves to next step with single approval.
* DEF1656	[Maker Checker] All the tabs (New records, updates, deletes, draft) in WF listing page displays same records.
* DEF1657	[Maker Checker] Editing and submitting the record throws error - 'Submit Failed'
* DEF1658	[Date] Screen breaks by clicking on date selection.
* DEF1659	[Maker Checker] Rework is not working as expected.
* DEF1660	Permission IDs getting cloned, while cloning DS.
* DEF1661	[Author] All attributes can be viewed when roles given to only few
* DEF1666	[Groups][Skip Review] For a new dataservice created, skip review permission gets added in groups
* DEF1669	Relation is not working when group is formed.
* DEF1674	[Maker Checker] Discard draft button is not working.
* DEF1688	WorkFlow: Error message showing for dropdown (even its not mandatory field) when any approver try to edit the record.
* DEF1694	[App Admin] Error occurs when app admin tries to make changes in app panel. 
* DEF1696	[App Admin] [Bots] Unable to add keys to bots.
* DEF1697	[App Admin][TXN] Requires appadmin to be a part of group
* DEF1702	[Maker Checker] User with only review permission is able to edit a record sent for rework.
* DEF1532	[Author] [User] Multiple issues in the user listing
* DEF1539	[Author] Not able to create steps for maker checker in an already present DS
* DEF1548	[Groups] [Maker Checker] When maker checker is enabled in groups it gets stuck in processing.
* DEF1550	App value needed for this API
* DEF1551	[Users] Password format for reset password is different from create user password.
* DEF1555	Appadmin do not have any access in bifrost
* DEF1580	[User] Unable to create users from app panel. 
* DEF1581	[Author][Groups] Unable to edit group and save the group.
* DEF1583	Unable to add records, creation screen is empty.
* DEF1590	[Appcenter] Failing to import bulk data
* DEF1593	[Maker Checker][State Model] Unable to save records with state model.
* DEF1600	[Maker Checker] Records approved by a user it still available for the same user to respond and the approval is not added to responded by column when the DS has state model.
* DEF1627	[Appcenter]Records Are Not Getting Exported .
* DEF1630	[Author][Groups]User is not Able To Create Any Group.
* DEF1636	[Maker Checker] When a DS has duplicate step names in maker checker user is not able to approve records
* DEF1643	[Bots] Unable to add properties to bots.
* DEF1652	[Secure Text] Value of secure text changes after approval.
* DEF1678	[Maker  Checker] Unable to approve record in last step.
* DEF1565	[Maker Checker] Unable to delete an empty step.
* DEF1300	[Author][Functions]:Even when there are syntax error,click on test button it shows no syntax error as a toast message.
* DEF1540	[Author][WF] Hitting enter should add next step in makerchecker page
* DEF1541	DataService validation is not working when workflow is enable.
* DEF1560	 [AUTHOR][PERMISSIONS] 403 Cannot save and deploy ds when permissions are manage for integration and experience only
* DEF1564	[Author][Maker Checker] Selecting the steps and clicking on delete will delete all the steps including the unselected ones.
* DEF1579	[Author][Permissions] User can access groups and change its OWN permissions 
* DEF1632	[State Model] When user clicks on 'Save & create another' the new record creation screen doesn't have initial state added to it.
* DEF1633	[Appcenter][Listing] Records disappearing on horizontal scroll
