# Images

| Component | Short code | Image |
|--|--|--|
| Base | base | data.stack.base:2.2.0 |
| Common | common | data.stack.common:2.2.0 |
| Deployment manager | dm | data.stack.dm:2.2.0 |
| FaaS base image | faas-base | data.stack.faas.base:2.2.0 |
| Gateway | gw | data.stack.gw:2.2.0 |
| Monitoring | mon | data.stack.mon:2.2.0 |
| Notification engine | ne | data.stack.ne:2.2.0 |
| Partner manager | pm | data.stack.pm:2.2.0 |
| Proxy | proxy | data.stack.proxy:2.2.0 |
| Service manager | sm | data.stack.sm:2.2.0 |
| User | user | data.stack.user:2.2.0 |

# Defects

* DEF1851 Fix unwanted SM logs
* DEF1846 \[Author\] \[Schema Free\] Unable to start a stopped schema free DS.
* DEF1839 \[App center\]\[FAAS\] Unable to save record in a DS which has FAAS.
* DEF1838 For 'Schema Designer' DS: Using 'relation' type, it allows to relate with 'Schema Free' DS.
* DEF1836 \[Author\]\[FAAS\] Unable to create functions on QA instance.
* DEF1832 \[AppCenter\]\[Schema Free\]: Wrong 'delete confirmation message' showing while try to delete record (It shows 'Delete Filter?' instead of 'Delete Record?')
* DEF1830 \[Appcenter\] \[Advanced filter\] \[Schema Free\]: 'Clear All' is not working correctly.
* DEF1828 \[Appcenter\] \[Schema Free\] \[Advanced filter\] Filter is not working as expected.
* DEF1827 \[Appcenter\] \[Advanced filter\] \[Schema Free\] Unable to edit a filter which is created by another user.
* DEF1826  \[AppCenter\]\[Advanced Filter\] Schema Free: latest values of 'count' & 'page' is not showing on shorten the filter
* DEF1825 \[AppCenter\]\[Advanced Filter\] Schema Free: values of all filters are not gone after applying the 'Reset Filter'
* DEF1823 \[Appcenter\]\[Azure Blob\] Cannot upload files to qa.ds
* DEF1821 \[App Center\]\[Schema Free\] Updation of number to string by adding quotes is not being reflected after saving the record.
* DEF1819 \[AppCenter\]\[Advanced Filter\] Schema Free: Position of 'Limit' & 'Skip' is getting interchanged on extend/shorten
* DEF1818 \[AppCenter\]\[Advanced Filter\] Schema Free: Alignment is not proper when there is a validation message for 'sort'
* DEF1817 \[AppCenter\]\[Advanced Filter\] Schema Free: Unable to make any action with 'Skip'
* DEF1816 \[AppCenter\]\[Advanced Filter\] Schema Free: 'Limit' allows to enter -ve value & results keep loading (instead of showing validation message), value '0' showing all results.  
* DEF1814 \[AppCenter} Schema Free: Facing error 'limit is not defined' after redeploying the DS
* DEF1813 \[AppCenter\]\[Advanced Filter\] Schema Free:  Project: {'_id':0} displays loading in the ids column and empty {} in data.
* DEF1812 \[AppCenter\]\[History\] Schema Free: Current version (red one) is showing at left side & Previous version (green one) is showing at right side. It should be interchanged.
* DEF1811 \[AppCenter\]\[Advanced Filter\] Schema Free: Clicking on 'New Search' under All searches doesn't open search options.
* DEF1810 \[AppCenter\]\[Advanced Filter\] Schema Free: 'Public' & 'Private' is not properly maintained across different filters.
* DEF1809 \[Author\] \[Schema free\] Experience tab can be hidden when schema free is enabled.
* DEF1808 \[AppCenter\]\[Advanced Filter\] Schema Free: Validation message for incorrect value is showing though it allow to save it with no results. Hyphen & negative sign together creating confusion in message.
* DEF1807 \[AppCenter\]\[Advanced Filter\] Schema Free: On trying to edit the filter immediately after it saved then it shows message 'FIlter name is already in use'
* DEF1805 \[AppCenter\]\[Advanced Filter\] Schema Free: In case of any incorrect filter queries, its keep loading (instead of showing relevant validation message).
* DEF1802 \[AppCenter\]\[Advanced Filter\] Schema Free: Export is not working at filter level.
* DEF1800 \[AppCenter\]\[Upload\] Schema Free: It shows error as multiple records even file having only one json record (with multiple lines).
* DEF1799 \[AppCenter\]: Validation message is not proper while importing blank file
* DEF1798 \[AppCenter\]\[Upload\] Schema Free: extension 'json' is missing in list
* DEF1791 \[AppCenter\]\[Advanced Filter\] Schema Free: It shows relevant records for 'Project' & 'Sort' even by filtering with any other value greater than 1.
* DEF1790 \[AppCenter\]\[Advanced Filter\] Schema Free: 'public' & 'private' filter is not visible along with filter name
* DEF1789 \[AppCenter\]\[Advanced Filter\] Schema Free: Allow to create filter with dupe names
* DEF1784 \[Bifrost\] \[Author\] Add attribute button is not accessible after adding 7-8 attributes.
* DEF1783  \[Author\] Schema Free: It shows 'ID' attribute under 'View' role
* DEF1782 \[Appcenter\]{Azure Blob\] Failing to upload attachment manually on Appcenter
* DEF1781 \[AppCenter\] Schema Free: Validation message is not proper incase of trying to add record with already exist id
* DEF1770 \[Author\] Schema Free: 'Review Hooks' are showing even MC is not applicable for schema free.
* DEF1769 \[Author\] Schema Free: It shows 'attributes' under 'Condition' tab
* DEF1768 \[AppCenter\] Schema Free: It keeps continuously loading while saving the record having blank json.
* DEF1767 \[AppCenter\] Schema Free: Records of 'Data' column is not showing in exported doc
* DEF1766 \[AppCenter\] Schema Free: 'Bulk Edit' is not working
* DEF1763 \[AppCenter\] Schema Free: 'History' is not working
* DEF1762 \[Author\] Schema Free: 'Clone' is not working.
* DEF1761 \[Author\] Schema Free: Typo error
* DEF1759 \[Appcenter\]\[Azure Blob\]Cannot respond to final check when MC is integrated
* DEF1756 \[Appcenter\]\[File Download\] Not able to preview or download file from the listing page
* DEF1754 \[Bifrost\]\[Author\] User is present in the User list but not available while giving permission.
* DEF1744  \[Author\]\[Swagger api\]: For 'Secure Text' type, it shows error 'Schema Validation Failed'
* DEF1738 \[Author\] App with running DS is getting deleted.
* DEF1719 \[AppCenter\] StateModel: Error 'Cannot read property 'includes' of undefined' is showing  while try to edit those records which are created before setup the 'StateModel'
* DEF1699 \[DS\] Data is lost when dataservice is renamed.
* DEF1698 \[DS\] Services are not cleared when data service is deleted.
* DEF1513 \[Appcenter\]\[Workflow\] Remarks is empty, when maker does a bulk edit and send for review
* DEF1387 \[Author\]\[App\]: App creation is taking more time.
* DEF1383 \[Author\] User who doesn't have complete permission for DS should not be able to access the 'purge all' button.
* DEF1254 \[Appcenter\] \[History\] Hide unwanted  information
* DEF1829  \[Appcenter\] \[Advanced filter\] \[Schema Free\]: Only page value (without 'count' value) is not working.