# Images

| Component | Short code | Image |
|--|--|--|
| Base | base | data.stack.base:2.3.0 |
| Common | common | data.stack.common:2.3.0 |
| Deployment manager | dm | data.stack.dm:2.3.0 |
| FaaS base image | faas-base | data.stack.faas:base.2.3.0 |
| Gateway | gw | data.stack.gw:2.3.0 |
| Monitoring | mon | data.stack.mon:2.3.0 |
| Notification engine | ne | data.stack.ne:2.3.0 |
| Partner manager | pm | data.stack.pm:2.3.0 |
| Proxy | proxy | data.stack.proxy:2.3.0 |
| Service manager | sm | data.stack.sm:2.3.0 |
| User | user | data.stack.user:2.3.0 |

# Defects

* DEF1890 \[Author\] Unable to stop a DS which is related to a draft DS.
* DEF1853 \[Author\]\[App panel\] Stop All & Start All services not working.
* DEF1512 \[Appcenter\]\[WF filter\] Filter on related state model attribute doesn't work.
* DEF1970 \[TXN\]\[WF\] Users with admin privilege is not unable to do transactions when WF is enabled.
* DEF1963  \[QA\]\[Author\]\[FAAS\]: Function is not moving to 'RUNNING' state, stuck in 'PENDING' status
* DEF1962 \[QA\]\[Author\]: Transaction showing blank page.
* DEF1958 \[Author\]\[MC\]\[Faas\]Unable to create record for ds with both MC and FaaS incorporated
* DEF1955 \[Bifrost\]\[AppCenter\]: Function is not getting triggered as showing error for both SchemaFree & SchemaDesigner DS 
* DEF1953 \[Bifrost\]\[Author\]: Function is not getting deleted as showing error 'Can't delete while function is running' even status is 'STOPPED'. On refreshing the page, status changed from 'STOPPED' to 'RUNNING'
* DEF1949 \[Bifrost/QA\]\[Author\]: Always showing message 'Failed' on clicking 'Test Connection' while creating the Hooks.
* DEF1948 \[Bifrost\] \[Author\] : Error showing on changing the UserType
* DEF1943 \[Bifrost\] \[Author\]: Error 'Unable to process request, please try again later' while creating the flow
* DEF1938 \[AUTHOR\]\[QA\] Stop all services is not working
* DEF1934 Liveliness and Readiness pods are missing on bifrost and qa environments
* DEF1925 \[QA\]\[Author\] Cannot create and save group due to 400
* DEF1924 \[QA\]\[Author\] Internal server error on opening Insights tab
* DEF1923 \[QA\]\[Author\] List of Users appear blank
* DEF1922 \[QA\]\[Author\] Library Failing to load
* DEF1893 \[Author\]\[FAAS\] Functions not moving to running state, stuck in pending.
* DEF1886 \[Bifrost\] \[Author\] \[Bot\]: Unable to delete & enable/disable the bot
* DEF1885 \[AppCenter\]: Unable to save record having 'user' type attribute as it shows error 'Oops, something went wrong'
* DEF1884 \[Bifrost\]\[AppCenter\] Unable to delete records in appcenter.
* DEF1883 \[Bifrost\] \[Author\] : After doing purge all data, DS remain to 'under maintenance' status & it don't getting up in sometime.
* DEF1882 \[Bifrost\] \[Author\] : Transaction is not working as showing error 'No manage permission in atleast one Data Service'.
* DEF1881 \[Bifrost\] \[Author\] : After creating the function, it moved from draft to running status (pending status is not showing)
* DEF1877 \[Bifrost\]\[AppCenter\]: Unable to view record as it showing error 'Unable to get audit data, Please try again later' 
* DEF1876 \[Bifrost\] \[Author\]\[Login with Normal User\]: User is not getting removed as showing error 'You don't have access for this API'
* DEF1874 \[Author\]\[Integration\] Test connection for prehook failed
* DEF1865  \[Bifrost\] \[Author\] : Purge all logs/audit/data showing error.
* DEF1863  \[Bifrost\] \[Author\] : Bot is not getting created
* DEF1862 \[Bifrost\] \[Author\] : It dont allow to save the group as no action takes place while clicking on 'Save' button. 
* DEF1861  \[Bifrost\] \[Author\] : Group is created but error is showing, group name is not showing while opening it. 
* DEF1860 \[Bifrost\] \[Author\] : Function is not getting created & showing error 'Cannot read properties of undefined (reading 'title') 
* DEF1858 \[Bifrost\] \[Author\] : User is not getting removed as showing error 'You don't have access for this API'
* DEF1887 \[Bifrost\]\[AppCenter\]: Exporting the records is not working.
* DEF1879 \[Bifrost\] \[Author\] : Function remain in 'Draft' status only (It don't move to Pending --> Running status after creating it)
* DEF1878 \[Bifrost\]\[AppCenter\]: Unable to delete record as it showing error 'Could not delete document with id <ID>' 
* DEF1875 \[Author\]\[Audit\] Unable to fetch logs inside audit of DS
* DEF1871 \[Bifrost\]\[Author\] Group: In case of multiple DSes, If you change the admin right (either ON/OFF) for any one of the DS then same changes is getting applied to all DSes under that group.
* DEF1869 \[Author\]: DS is not getting deployed for the App which was previously deleted & created again with the same name.
* DEF1867 \[Bifrost\]\[Author\] Cannot add new function
* DEF1866 \[Bifrost\]\[Author\] Cannot navigate away from groups tab
* DEF1864 \[Bifrost\] \[Author\] : 'Insights' is not working & showing error 'Unable to fetch logs'
* DEF1844 \[Author\] \[Audit\] Applying filter shows no logs
* DEF1693 \[Maker Checker\] Unable to respond to old records if the checker step name is renamed.
* DEF1946 \[Author\]Unable to grant Appadmin access
* DEF1919 \[Author\]User is Unable to save changes in App Panel 
* DEF1726 \[Bots\] Bots shouldn't be able to login via UI.
* DEF1977 \[Staging\]\[Author\] Delete of dataservices requiring page refresh
* DEF1960 \[Author\]\[FAAS\] Last invoked data is not coming up for functions.
* DEF1956 \[Txn\] Throws error when DS has hook/FAAS added.
* DEF1947 \[Bifrost\] \[Author\] \[SchemaFree\]: Error '\[Object Object'\]' showing while opening/editing  the records.
* DEF1944 \[Bifrost\]\[Author\]: Members/Bots are not getting saved in Group & error showing while login to AppCenter.
* DEF1903 \[Bifrost\]\[API\] Swagger page failing to load
* DEF1897 Few features are not working without page refresh (i.e. export notification message, DS status change, etc...)
* DEF1945 \[Author\]\[FAAS\] Unable to create functions
* DEF1936 \[QA\]\[AUTHOR\] changes not saved
* DEF1928 \[Bifrost\]\[Author\] Executing swagger giving a 500
* DEF1835 \[AppCenter\]\[Advanced Filter\] Schema Free: It shows 'Advaced Filter' in case if DS dont have any records. (In such case, 'Advanced Filter' is not showing for 'Schema Designer' DS)
* DEF1968 \[AppCenter\]: Export feature is not working as it showing 'Unauthorized' error.
* DEF1964 \[Author\] Posthook & Workflowhook thru Faas: It shows 'N.A' status under Insights > Audit Logs > Integration
* DEF1959 \[Author\] When an app deleted and created again with the same name ,it has all the old DS.
* DEF1950 \[Bifrost\]\[Author\]: Error 'User does not exist' is showing.
* DEF1942 \[QA\]\[AUTHOR\] outside  DS - API Swagger permission issue
* DEF1940 \[QA\]\[AppCenter\]: Unable to view record as it showing error 'Unable to get audit data, Please try again later' 
* DEF1908 \[Bifrost\]\[Author\]: For 'Schema Designer' DS: Using 'relation' type, it allows to relate with 'Schema Free' DS.
* DEF1894 \[Author\]\[FAAS\] Unable to re-deploy functions after editing it.
* DEF1880 \[Appcenter\]\[Bifrost\] Add Data only showing up when Admin permissions are given
* DEF1842 For 'App Admin' user: on giving the 'Admin Privileges' to any one DS, rest all DSes are not showing in 'AppCenter'.
* DEF1937 \[QA\]\[Author\]Data services getting deployed only after refreshing the screen
* DEF1932 \[Author\] \[relation\] Auto adds a draft DS as relation and able to deploy DS with no value for relation field.
* DEF1752 \[App Center\] Save as draft is disabled.
* DEF1930 error while logging in to QA appcenter using admin credentials
* DEF1872 \[Bifrost\] Data service is not reflecting at appcenter.
* DEF1957 \[AUTHOR\]\[Bifrost\] 500 POST error page
* DEF1941 \[QA\]\[AUTHOR\]  inside DS  - API swagger permission issue
* DEF1933 \[QA AUTHOR} unable to deploy data services
* DEF1935 \[QA\] \[AUTHOR\] not able to deploy data services in author
* DEF1730 Removing an app doesn't clean up keys and functions
* DEF1939 \[AUTHOR\]\[QA\] transaction API is not showing
* DEF1856 \[Author\]\[Bifrost\] Unable to save and deploy dataservice.