# Images

| Component | Short code | Image |
|--|--|--|
| Service manager | sm | data.stack:sm.2.4.0 |
| Base | base | data.stack:base.2.4.0 |
| Gateway | gw | data.stack:gw.2.4.0 |
| Common | common | data.stack:common.2.4.0 |
| Proxy | proxy | data.stack:proxy.2.4.0 |
| User | user | data.stack:user.2.4.0 |
| Deployment manager | dm | data.stack:dm.2.4.0 |
| Notification engine | ne | data.stack:ne.2.4.0 |
| Security | sec | data.stack:sec.2.4.0 |
| Monitoring | mon | data.stack:mon.2.4.0 |
| Partner manager | pm | data.stack:pm.2.4.0 |
| FaaS base image | faas-base | data.stack:faas.base.2.4.0 |

# Defects

* DEF2033 [Secure Text]: It shows '[object Object]' 
* DEF1895 [Appcenter] Cannot save data when the non-required name field is null
* DEF1891 [QA ENV][Postman] Internal Server Error
* DEF1794 [AppCenter][Advanced Filter] Schema Free: '$range' operator don't return the applicable results, it keeps loading
* DEF1971 [Bot] When a user with manage permission for bots performs some action on bots, the action works but it throws error on UI
* DEF1954 [Bifrost][Groups]Existent users automatically removed once group is reopened after saving
* DEF1873 [Author] Unable to fetch logs
* DEF1850 [Appcenter][FAAS][Staging ENV] Faas not working in existing apps.
* DEF1746 [Author, QA env]: It shows 'bifrost' url while creating function
* DEF1745 [Appcenter]Failing to export bulk data
* DEF1619 [Maker Checker] When an approved record moves to next step and approver tries to approve it throws error.
* DEF1849 [App Center][File attribute][Staging ENV] Unable to attach file in DS.
* DEF1765 [AppCenter] Schema Free: ''Delete' is not working for those records which are created thru swagger-api transactions
* DEF1952 [Author][Groups] When a normal user tries to give permission to a group which it is a part of it gets removed from the group.
* DEF2060  [Appcenter][Export] Records with file attribute exported have extra columns file._id, file.contentType added in the file.
* DEF2032 [Author] Roles tab isn't accessible for an user at first.
* DEF2065 [Azure AD] [QA Env]: In case of blank Auth mode in file, its consider as 'Azure' mode  (On bifrost, its take it as 'local' mode)
* DEF2038 [Author] Throws an error when the user with manage permission for users under author roles tries to access the users.
* DEF2005 [Azure AD]: 'Bulk Import' details are getting removed within 24 hours.
* DEF1840 [Appcenter]Unable to save record with experience hook
* DEF1820 [App center] [Schema free] Double click on the record while a filter is applied as Project : {'_id':0} doesn't open the record.
* DEF1760 [Appcenter] Pre-hook not showing up
* DEF1741 [AppCenter]: Prehook is not working with 'SecureText' as data is not getting populated as per sandbox script.
* DEF1642 [Bookmarks] Normal user is unable to access bookmarks.
* DEF1888 [Author] [Insights] Data Service logs are not showing up
* DEF1843 [App Center]: Old history retained even after deleting the record for both 'Schema Designer' & 'Schema Free'
* DEF1824 [AppCenter][History] Schema Free: unable to check the history of old one if more than 10 steps are there.
* DEF1804 [AppCenter][Advanced Filter] Schema Free: '$exists: false'' operator don't return the applicable results.
* DEF1356 [Author][Groups] Users with manage permission for basic settings and deployment is unable to deploy the services.
* DEF1837 [AppCenter]: Error '[object Object]' showing incase of wrong 'Endpoint' for PreHook.
* DEF1833 [AppCenter][Advanced Filter] Schema Free: 'Sort' is not showing in single line & for count, 2nd digit is not visible on shorten the filter.
* DEF1822 [AppCenter] Getting error  'External Storage undefined not allowed'  while uploading file .
* DEF1679 [Appcenter]{Maker Checker] Checker cannot approve with same user  in checker step after giving for rework
* DEF2059 [Exported File] [Rich Text]: Wrong value showing for RichText (for both 'Secure' toggle ON/OFF)
* DEF1691 Workflow: Approver allow to edit the workflow even dont have permission
* DEF1690 WorkFlow: Approval is not getting route to Level-2.
* DEF2049 [Appcenter][File encryption]UI bug on new records
* DEF2021 [Appcenter][Rich Secure Text] Alignment is improper for view option of record
* DEF2010 [Azure AD] [Import single user]: Group selection is remain as it is, its not getting cleared even while switching from local to azure & azure to local
* DEF2073 [FAAS]FAAS as Post hook & Workflow hooks give a 404.
* DEF2058  [File][Secure]: It don't ask for password while try to download the file from list page
* DEF2057 Under [Collection]: Import is not working for [Long Text Encryption] & [RichText Encryption]
* DEF2052 [App center][File Encrytion] For PNG image download option is not available in preview.
* DEF2043 [Library] [Text]-Toggle 'Secure' is not showing.
* DEF2036 [History]: Values are not showing properly for Secure Long Text, Secure Text/LongText under collection.
* DEF2031 [Azure AD] [Admin Panel]: 'Edit' option is not showing for AzureAd user (while 'Edit' option is showing for local user)
* DEF2030 [Secure Text]: Value is not properly showing while clone the record OR click the 'Eye' icon on list page.
* DEF2027  [Long Text]: Text '[Secure]' is not showing in AppCenter while selecting 'LongText' under 'Collection' having 'Secure' toggle ON.
* DEF2025 [Author] Unable to add state model to a specific DS.
* DEF2019 [Long Text]:  While selecting 'Long Text' under 'Collection':  It don't show 'Secure Text' drop-down.
* DEF2018 [Long Text] [SecureText=True]: 'Schema Validation Failed' Error in transaction
* DEF2016 [Long Text]: Token is not getting saved
* DEF2014 [Azure AD]: For 'Local' mode: It still shows 'Login to Azure' option
* DEF2013 [Azure AD]: Status showing as 'Validating' even user created & imported in App
* DEF2011 [Azure AD]: Phone & Alt email is not getting saved (same is working fine for local user)
* DEF2007 [Azure AD]: User imported from file to DataStack even having blank password & value less than 8 chars as password.
* DEF2006 [Azure AD]: 'Login to Azure' option is showing for 'Local' mode
* DEF2001 [Azure AD] [Bulk Import list]: Status remain as it is as it require page refresh to reflect the changes. 
* DEF2000  [Azure AD]: For 'Azure' mode, Incorrect message shown on trying to import an invalid user.
* DEF1993  [Azure AD] [Bulk Import]: It allow to proceed with blank file (instead of showing the validation message)
* DEF1991 [Bifrost] Unable to add record for User attribute in appcenter.
* DEF1913 [Appcenter]User unable to respond to record (approve , reject or rework).
* DEF1990 [Azure AD] [Bulk Import]: It don't show validation message (like 'Invalid file extension!) on selecting the files having extensions like .mp4, .png, .json
* DEF1909 [Author]User is unable to Remove users from app 
* DEF1987 [Azure] Unable to onboard/add azure users to Bifrost.
* DEF1927 [Author]Roles section incomplete .
* DEF1859  [Bifrost] [Author] : 'Save' & 'Save & Deploy' is not working means there is no any action takes place on clicking on it.
* DEF1857 [Author]AppAdmin is unable to Start And Stop all Data Services at same time 
* DEF2039 [Appcenter] [Rich text] Value in record saved as some other generated value instead of the input
* DEF1976 [Staging] [Appcenter] Unable to save record in appcenter .Getting error 'Unable to fetch count'
* DEF1852 [TXN] Transactions not working for normal users with manage permission for DS.
* DEF2048 [Author]Unable to create transaction records
* DEF2002 [Azure AD]: For 'Azure' mode,  'Add' or 'Import' button is not showing.
* DEF1870 [Author][Bifrost]AppAdmin is unable to access Author page
* DEF2020 Users with 0 permission are able to Edit , save , deploy , start and stop Data service
* DEF2015 [Workflow Hooks] Reject & Rework hooks not working.
* DEF1988 [Azure] Unable to import azure users from app panel.
* DEF2070 [Txn][Secure text] Txn is not working with secure text attribute.
* DEF2066 [Appcenter][Bots] Unable to login to appcenter using bots credentials
* DEF2012 PostHook is not working.
* DEF1999 [Azure] When I try to login with an azure user in author it shows some other username in azure login tab.
* DEF1983 [Author]Custom error field issue in State Model Scenarios
* DEF1984 Azure AD: Admin user is getting disable at the moment when AD is configured on qa env. It causes azure ready users unable to access datastack application.
* DEF1848  [Author, staging env]: Error showing while try to delete the app.
* DEF1815 [Author] Getting 500 error while trying to create user via API
* DEF1709 [Appcenter]Records Are Not Seen For Approve. This happens when we try POST request with prehooks and WF.
* DEF1841 [Appcenter] [Secure text] Secure text displays encrypted value/ empty after saving the record.
* DEF1973 [TXN] txn with relation is not adding data to related DS.
* DEF1910 [Bifrost][AppCenter]: Unable to login to appcenter using bot.
* DEF2053 [Author][Libraries][Secure File] Toggle automatically reverting back to 'No' after saving the library
* DEF2051 [App Center] [File Encrytion] Blank file download with correct password and incorrect password.
* DEF2050 [Appcenter] Cannot export records
* DEF2026 [Appcenter]{File Encryption] Encrypted file attachment showing up as Text
* DEF2022 [Author][Secure text] Normal text option reverts back to false when applying secure text option 
* DEF2076 [Import bulk local users]: Unable to create the users which were previously created & then deleted.
* DEF2075 [Workflow][Boolean] After submitting the record the boolean value changes to 'True/Yes'
* DEF2062 [AppCenter][SecureText]: In View Mode, value is not showing while click on eye icon on very first time
* DEF2056 [App Center] When the file added to file-secure attribute  is downloaded it shows File is unsupported.
* DEF2055 [File Encryption]: Attribute type is getting changed to 'text' while importing the data
* DEF2054 [App Center] [File Upload] 'File not supported' error while uploading JPEG file.
* DEF2047 'File' attribute with 'Secure' toggle on/off: Unable to download the file.
* DEF2046 [File][Secure]: File name is not showing in list page.
* DEF2045 [Library]: Its not getting saved with 'Secure' toggle ON
* DEF2044 [Library] under collection: 'Secure' toggle is not showing for Text, Long Text & Rich Text
* DEF2042 Unable to create bookmarks
* DEF2041 [Long Text] & [Rich Text] under collection: 'Secure' toggle is not showing.
* DEF2040 [Long Text Encryption] & [RichText Encryption]: Import is not working.
* DEF2037 Unable to do bulk user import with normal user (Its working fine for Admin user & app admin user)
* DEF2029 [LongText with Secure]: Record is not saved properly
* DEF2028 [Long Text]: Error 'Cast to embedded failed...' showing while saving the record having 'LongText' under 'Collection' with 'Secure' toggle ON.
* DEF2017 [Long Text]: Export is not working if 'Secure Text = True'
* DEF2009 [Azure] Unable to bulk import both local & azure users.
* DEF2008 [Azure] It doesn't ask for login to azure if the user was previously logged.
* DEF2004 [Azure] When I try to add a local user it shows error - 'User not found in Azure AD'
* DEF2003 [Azure AD]: Add the azure ad user from 'X' app in DataStack, unable to import the same user in 'Y' app.
* DEF1998 [Azure] Start Import Process is not working.
* DEF1997 [Azure AD] [login with local user]: Users > Bulk Import > New Bulk Task > 'Login to Azure' is not working as showing error 'commonURL is not a function'
* DEF1994 [Azure AD]: Facing error '504 Time out' while trying to login to author/appcenter using azure AD user.
* DEF1989 [Azure AD] [Bulk Import]: Few issues observed (i.e. blank showing in navigation path, wrong time & status is not getting changed)
* DEF1986 [Bifrost] Unable to import the file in appcenter.
* DEF1985 Data Service with Schema Free Is able to initialize StateModel  and Maker Checker.
* DEF1898 [Author]User Unable Access author page  
* DEF1978 [Staging][Author]: Intermittent issue, DS is not getting deployed, keep loading & DS remain in 'under maintenance' after doing 'Purge All Data'
* DEF1975 [Staging][Author]: 'SchemaFree' DS is not getting deployed, its keep loading.
* DEF1393 [Author] [Design] When you create a list of values attribute and try to save it without entering any value in list of values, the attribute is automatically converted to text 
* DEF2068 [Author][Users] The bulk import details are blank after sometime.
* DEF1788 [AppCenter]: It shows error “Error connecting to data service” while try to add new record.
* DEF1786 [Author][DS] Counter should also be deleted with the DS deletion.
* DEF2071 [App admin] Throws error while accessing users and bots.
* DEF2034 [Author] The search bar moves to right corner when logged in user has view permission to library
* DEF1764 [Author] Schema Free: On switching from 'Schema Free' to 'Schema Designer', it shows blank schema means old schema format is getting lost. It require to design the schema again.
* DEF1796 [AppCenter][Upload] Schema Free: It shows error 'id already exist'
* DEF1806 [AppCenter][Advanced Filter] Schema Free: '$all' not returns the applicable results
* DEF1724 [Insights] Disable insights is not working as expected.
* DEF2074 [Author][DS] Update the json with required changes for secure text.
* DEF2072 [Bots] Change the attribute type from text to date.
* DEF2064 [ListPage][FileSecure]: Password field should be blank
* DEF2024 [Secure Text] Move the eye icon outside the textbox for long text and rich text.
* DEF1966 [Author] [Insights > Audit Logs > Integration]: It don't show the TxnID for 'SchemaDesigner' DS (same is showing for 'SchemaFree' DS)
* DEF1743 [AppCenter] Secure Text: Text 'Show / Hide' (instead of eye icon) showing for collection while checking history.