# Images

| Component | Short code | Image |
|--|--|--|
| Service manager | sm | data.stack.sm:2.5.0 |
| Base | base | data.stack.base:2.5.0 |
| Gateway | gw | data.stack.gw:2.5.0 |
| Common | common | data.stack.common:2.5.0 |
| Proxy | proxy | data.stack.proxy:2.5.0 |
| User | user | data.stack.user:2.5.0 |
| Notification engine | ne | data.stack.ne:2.5.0 |
| Monitoring | mon | data.stack.mon:2.5.0 |
| B2B Manager | bm | data.stack.bm:2.5.0 |
| B2B Base | b2b-base | data.stack.b2b.base:2.5.0 |
| FaaS base | faas-base | data.stack.faas.base:2.5.0 |

# Defects
* DEF2333 UI Refresh] [AppCenter] [SchemaFree]:  it shows 'N.A.' for ID in bulk import
* DEF2262 [DataServices] Facing 'Error connecting to DS' in appcenter if the DS is not re-deployed.
* DEF2194 [UI Refresh][Author][Functions]: On trying to change the function status, it shows dupe values & require page refresh to change the status.
* DEF2168 [UI Refresh][Author][Bot]: Its keep loading incase of dupe key
* DEF2163 [UI Refresh][AppCenter]: 'Bulk Edit' is not working as showing error 'Document Not found' & 'Save' button is not properly visible.
* DEF2175 [UI Refresh][App Center][All Records - DS]: Few details are missing
* DEF2185 [UI Refresh][Author]: For Functions, Groups & Integration pages: It don't show the correct navigation path at top.
* DEF2177 [UI Refresh][App Center]: History showing wrong account
* DEF2187 [UI Refresh][Author][Library]: Sorting is not working on column headers
* DEF2109 [UI Refresh][App panel] The app panel page is not scrollable to access it's contents.
* DEF2131 [UI Refresh][Author/AppCenter][Login Page]: Validation message is not showing on clicking the 'Login' button for blank creds.
* DEF2191 [UI Refresh][Author] [Library & Function]: Its not getting open while clicking on it.
* DEF2162 [UI Refresh][AppCenter]: No option to check/uncheck the specific records.
* DEF2147 [UI Refresh][Author][Bot]: BotID is not getting copied, vertical scroll bar is missing & tool-tip is not showing while hovering on icons.
* DEF2143 [UI Refresh][Author][App Panel]: It allows to edit the AppName & Logo change is not getting applied.
* DEF2140 [UI Refresh][Author]: Dupe values showing under bulk import report page.
* DEF2156 [UI Refresh][Author][Function]: Dupe function is getting saved for 'Draft' status
* DEF2159 [UI Refresh][App Center]: It shows 'Export All' button even incase of no data under DS
* DEF2153 [UI Refresh][Author][App Panel]: facing error while saving the 'App Panel'.
* DEF2151 [UI Refresh][Author][User]: User is not getting deleted.
* DEF2145 [UI Refresh][Author][Create User]: Confirmation message for create new user is not showing & it require page refresh to reflect new user.
* DEF2172 [UI Refresh][AppPanel]: No details are showing while hover on relation attribute
* DEF2362 [QA][AppCenter][StateModel]: Same state is available for selection while try to edit the record.
* DEF2322 [Appcenter][WF] In-Line filters are not working
* DEF2304 [UI Refresh][WF] It takes more than 20s to load the work items.
* DEF2155 [UI Refresh][Author][User]: It shows already deleted users in 'Delete User Confirmation' popup.
* DEF2148 [UI Refresh][Author][Functions]: Icons are getting overlapped on 'Last Invoked' time
* DEF2146 [UI Refresh][Author][User]: Wrong notification message showing while deleting the attribute & delete confirmation popup is not showing.
* DEF2144 [UI Refresh][Author]: Group checkbox is not working in 'Create User' panel.
* DEF2142 [UI Refresh][Author][Function]: Wrong URL is getting copied.
* DEF2141 [UI Refresh][Author][Functions]: It shows 'undeployed' status
* DEF2100 [Author][UI] Edit attribute under users opens up a modal with label and value as blank and on saving creates a new attribute
* DEF2082 [Appcenter][UBAC/DBAC] When dynamic filter is enabled with empty script, the user is unable to save records.
* DEF2289  [UI Refresh][App Center][SchemaFree]: Filter is not getting reset to default list once click on 'New Search View', its applied on next click
* DEF2272 [Admin Panel] Unable to remove app from users.
* DEF2227 [UI Refresh][App Center][SchemaFree]: On trying to add records followed by applying filter, it shows all the records (instead of applicable filter condition) under specific filter.
* DEF2225 [UI Refresh][App Center][SchemaFree]: To much blank space is showing when no records are there after applying the filter
* DEF2223 [UI Refresh][App Center][SchemaFree]: Filter condition is not applied on very first click on 'Run' button, its applied on next click
* DEF2214 [UI Refresh][App Center][SchemaFree]: 'Save as New Filter' button is not working
* DEF2212 [UI Refresh][App Center][Schema Free]: MongoDB queries are not properly visible.
* DEF2208 [UI Refresh][App Center][Schema Free]: Tooltip is not showing & Toggle is of no use when no filter is selected.
* DEF2207  [UI Refresh][App Center][SchemaFree]: Page keep loading on selecting 'New Search View'
* DEF2206 [UI Refresh][App Center][SchemaFree]: Option 'Reset Filter' is not showing (as per old UI)
* DEF2205 [UI Refresh][App Center][SchemaFree]: Page keep loading after clicking on Yes/No button from 'Delete filter' confirmation popup
* DEF2203 [UI Refresh][App Center]: Contents are getting disappeared if try to type 2+ chars in 'search' field
* DEF2193 [UI Refresh][Author]: DS status is not getting changed, it remain in 'Pending' status as page refresh require to change the status.
* DEF2299 [UI Refresh][App Center]: 'WORKFLOWS' section from Left menu is getting disappeared while clicking on it.
* DEF2243 [UI Refresh] AdminPanel > Users > Apps: Blank icons are showing
* DEF2307 [UI Refresh] [App Center]: On clicking on 'conflicts records', it don't show any records
* DEF2267 [UI Refresh] [AppCenter] [StateModel]: Post re-deploy DS, status changed to 'Open' state for all the records.
* DEF2303 [AppCenter] [Secure File Attachment]: Facing error 'Error connecting to DataService' if try to upload the file after error 'File Not supported'.
* DEF2235 [UI Refresh][App Center]: For Secure Text, 'eye' icon is getting disappeared on clicking on it from Add/Edit page.
* DEF2173 [UI Refresh][App Center]: AppList Panel is still same as old UI
* DEF2180 [UI Refresh][AppCenter]: 'Cancel' button is not as per UX design
* DEF2218 [UI Refresh][App Center]: Label is not showing while hovering on the 'Cancel' button.
* DEF2337 [UI Refresh] [AppCenter] [Schema Free]: Issue with notification message while try to import different files one by one (as it don't show the notification message of recently uploded file)
* DEF2282 [UI Refresh] [AppCenter]: Bulk Import 'Column Mapping' page is getting misaligned while click on nested group field.
* DEF2232 [UI Refresh] [AppCenter] [History]: 'Eye' icon is not showing for 'Secure LongText' in History page.
* DEF2306 [UI Refresh] [App Center]: It shows dupe path while clicking on the error notification.
* DEF2287 [UI Refresh] [Author/AppCenter]: DS name is getting overlapped if name = 40 chars
* DEF2285 [UI Refresh][AppCenter]: Facing error in bulk import.
* DEF2233 [UI Refresh][AppCenter]: Attribute 'Date & Time' is not properly aligned
* DEF2178 [UI Refresh][AppCenter]: Default status 'Open' is not showing for StateModel.
* DEF2174 [UI Refresh][App Center]: Tooltip is not visible.
* DEF2309 [UI Refresh] [AppCenter]: After bulk delete, it still shows options like Select All, Export, Delete, Bulk Edit
* DEF2308 AppCenter: UI breaks & it keep loading if 'ID' field is unchecked from 'Roles' tab for 'View' role.
* DEF2295 [UI Refresh] [App Center]: Filter changes are not getting reset after uncheck the checkbox.
* DEF2291 SchemaFree: Record is getting created thru Postman even for 'View' permission
* DEF2244 [UI Refresh] AdminPanel > Users: Alignment issues & 'Apps' filter is not working.
* DEF2179 [UI Refresh][App Center]: StateModel is not as per UX design.
* DEF2293 [UI Refresh] [App Center] [Advanced Filter]: It shows only checkboxes
* DEF2360 [Appcenter] The values in card view is not proper.
* DEF2358 [Appcenter] User with manage permission and part of different apps is not able to add records.
* DEF2328 [UI Refresh][Author] [Admin Panel]: Apply inline filter & click on any user, user navigation is not smooth.
* DEF2320 [UI Refresh][AppCenter][Workflows]: It shows list of all the records in all tabs (instead of listing the applicable ones)
* DEF2134 [UI Refresh][Author][Data Service]: Vertical scroll bar is not showing under 'SCHEMA'
* DEF2132 [UI Refresh][Author]: DS is not getting deleted (it require page refresh)
* DEF2129 [UI Refresh][Author]: App icon is not showing while creating the new app (it require page refresh)
* DEF2126  [UI Refresh][Author]: It shows default blank for 'TimeZone' in 'Create New App' panel
* DEF2313 [UI Refresh][AppCenter]: Its getting saved as 'N.A.N.A' (i.e. dupe N.A.) on saving by keeping all fields blank.
* DEF2311 [UI Refresh] [AppCenter]: For bulk Edit-It dont show 'Count of Records' & info icon
* DEF2270 [UI Refresh][Appcenter] Reset filter option is not available after advanced filter is applied.
* DEF2266 [UI Refresh] [AppCenter] [StateModel]: It should show initial state (i.e. Open) while clone the record
* DEF2264 [UI Refresh] [AppCenter] [StateModel]: Last state (i.e. closed) should not be clickable.
* DEF2263 [UI Refresh] [AppCenter] [StateModel]: On 'Add Data' page, only initial state 'Open' should be visible & it should not be editable.  
* DEF2259 [UI Refresh] [AppCenter]: WorkFlow having old design for 'Advanced Filter'
* DEF2256 [MakerChecker] Unable to add records in a specific DS.
* DEF2255 [UI Refresh][App Center]: Label is not showing while hovering on the 'Cancel and Exit' button.
* DEF2247 [AppCenter]['WORKFLOWS' section]: It shows those DSes in list even having 'Stopped' status, its keep loading on clicking on it.
* DEF2245  [UI Refresh][App Center]: For Secure Text, Data is getting disappeared on clicking on 'eye' icon from 'Add Data' page
* DEF2241 [UI Refresh] [Author]: Groups > Members, 'Select All' checkbox is not working for bots
* DEF2229 [UI Refresh][AppCenter]: On starred the DSes, it still listed under 'DATA SERVICES' section. 
* DEF2221 [UI Refresh][App Center]: 'Edit' button is not working
* DEF2201 [Appcenter][UI Refresh] The record edit screen is not proper in 100% resolution.
* DEF2137 [UI Refresh] Selected view fields are not displayed for relations
* DEF2273 [UI Refresh] [WF] There's no lock icon in DS listing page if the record is under review process.
* DEF2261 [AppCenter] Path in the header while adding a new record doesn't contain '/new'
* DEF2252 [UI Refresh][MakerChecker] The WF count changes by navigating to and from other screens.
* DEF2251 [UI Refresh][MakerChecker] The 'info' icon in search box of 'All Records - Workflow' screen, the tooltip message goes out of the screen.
* DEF2249 [UI Refresh][Maker checker] The review message is not displayed when user is adding a new record.
* DEF2237 [UI Refresh][Author]: Unable to delete the bot
* DEF2236 [UI Refresh][Bots] No scrollbar is available on the Bots listing page in resolution 100%.
* DEF2231 [UI Refresh][AppCenter]: Text 'Secure' is not showing for secure attribute types.
* DEF2230 [UI Refresh] [App Center]: Validation message is not showing on trying to create the DS with more than 40 chars.
* DEF2188 [UI Refresh][Appcenter] State model text in card view is not aligned in 'All Records - DS'
* DEF2181 [UI Refresh] [WF] Blank card view in 'All Records - Workflow'.
* DEF2165  [UI Refresh][Appcenter] The breadcrumbs don't work.
* DEF2315 [UI Refresh][Appcenter] The card views for DS and WF should be similar.
* DEF2319 [UI Refresh][Appcenter] Dropdown contains blank value in WF inline filter for responded by column.
* DEF2120 [Author UI][Users] alignment for adding apps from user 
* DEF2277 [UI Refresh] [AppCenter] If you check and then uncheck on checkbox of any attribute in View Column in appcenter ,then it duplicates that attribute.
* DEF2276 [UI Refresh][Appcenter] Landing page and header issue.
* DEF2257 [UI Refresh][Users] After clicking on Clear Search button in search textbox in group page, Users are deleting.
* DEF2220 [UI Refresh][Author][Group Page] Saved Users and Bots in members tab in group page are not clickable.
* DEF2219 [UI Refresh][App Center] Boolean attribute with default value as 'True' and read only value as 'True'  is saving as 'NO' in appcenter.
* DEF2186 [Author][Flows] Orientation is not correct
* DEF2279 [UI Refresh] [Appcenter] Search Box in View Column is not working in case of capital letters
* DEF2274 [UI Refresh][Appcenter] While viewing history of a DS that contains state model the placing  of history and state doesn't look good.
* DEF2283 [Author] [Users] Alignment issues for adding users to app
* DEF2103 [Author UI][Universal users] Alignment issues
* DEF2336 [Appcenter][Bulk Import] Error while importing XLSX file.
* DEF2087 [UBAC/DBAC][Author]: While enable the dynamic filter, UI alignment is getting changed
* DEF2334 [Author][Users] Requires page refresh to reflect the user added.
* DEF2332 [Appcenter][File import] Unable to import an XLS file.
* DEF2305 [UI Refresh] [Appcenter] [Date] While adding record for date attribute, Done and Cancel buttons are hiding below the taskbar
* DEF2290 [UI Refresh] [Appcenter] Clear All ( Deselect All) check box in View Columns is not working.
* DEF2265 [UI Refresh] [Date] Format of Date type record in appcenter is not as expected.
* DEF2248 [UI Refresh][Date] 'type' attribute value for Date element is showing as 'text'. Previously, it was 'submit'.
* DEF2222 [UI Refresh][Author] Search box in Members tab in group page is not working
* DEF2176 [UI Refresh][UBAC/DBAC][App Center]: Dupe value 'zulu' is showing in date drop-down
* DEF2166 [UI Refresh] [Appcenter] Not able to save the record with default value for Date and Date&Time attributes.
* DEF2135 [UI Refresh] [Author] Secure toggle is missing for Collection  attributes
* DEF2097 UBAC/DBAC:  It don't show any validation message for invalid json  & DS is keep loading
* DEF2090 [UBAC/DBAC] The content of the json is removed when the toggle is disabled.
* DEF2084 [UBAC/DBAC][Author]: Dynamic filter is enable for specific user even it allow to do bulk import the records which are not matching with the filter condition
* DEF2329 [Author]: Unable to delete App even all DSes having 'STOP' status 
* DEF2085 [Author][QA env]Unable to create functions.
* DEF2228 [Azure AD] Unable to delete azure users. 
* DEF2190 [UI Refresh][Appcenter] Collection of objects is not working as expected.
* DEF2136 [UI Refresh][Author][DataService]: It shows 'Secure' option even for 'Email' & 'List of Values'.
* DEF2110 [UI Refresh][Bots] Unable to add bots to any groups as there is no button available for it.
* DEF2258 [UI Refresh] Workflow advanced filter is not working as expected.
* DEF2152 [UI Refresh][Author][Library]: facing error while saving the library.
* DEF2343 [Author]Functions are configured with app name  
* DEF2278 [Appcenter][Inline filters] In-line filters are not working
* DEF2080 [Dynamic Filters][Appcenter] Unable to add records in appcenter for any DS.
* DEF2253 [Appcenter] [Advanced Filter] Unable to save advanced filter for schema designer
* DEF2250 [UI Refresh] [MakerChecker] The search box in 'All Records - Workflow' is not working as expected.
* DEF2246 [UI Refresh][AppCenter]: While try to add data for newly created DS, facing error sating '....timed out after 10000ms '
* DEF2211 [UI Refresh][Author] Searching a particular DS and opening it will land you in a different DS.
* DEF2210 [UI Refresh][App Center][SchemaFree]: Record is not getting saved for '{'password': '123123123' }'
* DEF2202 [UI Refresh][App Center]: App list is showing out of the box.
* DEF2199 [UI Refresh][Author]: Function status is not getting changed (even after page refresh) after creating the function
* DEF2197 [UI Refresh][Author]: Unable to delete the User & Bots from 'Group' as checkboxes are not clickable.
* DEF2196 [UI Refresh][App Center]: Error facing after login 
* DEF2195 [UI Refresh][App Center]: Facing error in AppCenter for newly deployed DS.
* DEF2183 [UI Refresh][App Center]: For SchemaFree, it shows error while saving the valid json.
* DEF2182 [UI Refresh][App Center]: It shows wrong details while saving the records for SchemaFree.
* DEF2161 [UI Refresh][AppCenter]: Export is not working
* DEF2160 [UI Refresh][AppCenter]: Bulk import is not working
* DEF2150  [UI Refresh][Author][DataService]: Error showing while creating the DataService
* DEF2149 [UI Refresh][Author][Library]: Error showing while creating the Library
* DEF2119 [UBAC/DBAC] Filter breaking when $user present in filter but no attribute present in User's Data.
* DEF2325 [Appcenter] Bulk edit is not working.
* DEF2294 [Appcenter][Advanced Filters] Unable to save new filters as old filter gets over-ridden
* DEF2169 [UI Refresh][Author] User check boxes are not clickable while adding user to group
* DEF2275 [UI Refresh] [AppCenter]: Multiple checkboxes are showing on list page
* DEF2254 [UI Refresh] [Author] Required, Create Only, Secure, Unique check boxes in properties tab are not clickable.
* DEF2217 [Appcenter][UI] Failing to establish filter for Schema Designer 
* DEF2171 [Hooks] Workflow hooks are not working.
* DEF2280 [UI Refresh] [Appcenter] If you enter attribute name  in the View Column search box and then press Enter key, then Search All button is deleting.
* DEF2310 [UI Refresh][AppCenter][SchemaFree] Getting error while adding record in SchemaFree data service.
* DEF2088 [AppCenter] Unable to upload file in Bifrost environment
* DEF2238 [Author]Unable to delete local users
* DEF2331 [UI Refresh] [App Center] [Schema Free]: Facing error while try to import json file
* DEF2240 [UI Refresh] Attributes are not reflecting in appcenter .
* DEF2224 [UI Refresh] [Author] [Library]  Existing Libraries are getting deleted on trying to add new library and then cancel the library. and also not able to save  the new library with same name.
* DEF2098 [UBAC/DBAC] UI is broke after navigating between JSON tab and roles tab.
* DEF2096 [Secure][QA] Secure toggle is not available for attributes in author
* DEF2093 UBAC/DBAC: 'boolean=false' showing error 'Cast to Boolean failed for value 'No_Value' (type string) at path ......'. Its working fine for 'boolean=true'
* DEF2089 [UBAC/DBAC] The JSON is not stable after navigating between permissions.
* DEF2086 [UBAC/DBAC][AppCenter]: SchemaFree DS showing error
* DEF2083 [UBAC/DBAC][Author]: DS is not getting deployed when hard-coded value is there under json.
* DEF2312 [UI Refresh] [Appcenter] When a DS is selected/opened either in Dataservices or Workflows, the same DS name is highlighted in both the lists.
* DEF2361 [Appcenter][WF] Applied inline filter for responded by column shows duplicate occurance
* DEF2326 [UI Refresh] [Author]: Few apps done have default logo under admin panel (default logo is showing in appcenter)
* DEF2302 [UI Refresh][Appcenter] The close icon on the file preview is not visible.
* DEF2330 [Bulk import] The file extension is misspelled as 'xlx' for 'xls'.
* DEF2324 [UI Refresh] The image on the login page overlaps the text on page.
* DEF2281 [UI Refresh][Appcenter] The header while adding new records should be new.
* DEF2301 [UI Refresh][Appcenter] Opening 'All Dataservices' highlights the DS name which is not opened.
* DEF2341 [Author][FAAS] The stop button overlaps the last invoked.
* DEF2091 [UI Refresh] The group appcenter role enabling icon looks misaligned.
* DEF1518 [WF] UX for rework screen.
* DEF1974 [AppCenter][WorkFlow]: While opening any data from 'WorkFlow' tab, it shows 'ERROR' for 'Requested By'.
* DEF1723 [AppCenter] Advanced Filter for WF:  Values under 'Columns' drop-down is not showing properly for 'Group' type fields.
* DEF1722 [AppCenter] Advanced Filter for WF: it don't allow to select 'ID' field from drop-down, instead 'WorkFlowID' is getting selected.
* DEF2157 [UI Refresh][Author]: Relevant name is not highlighted in 'Delete Confirmation' pop-up
* DEF1227 [Appcenter][WF][Advance filter] filter for date attribute isn't working as expected.
* DEF1224 [Appcenter][WF] [Advance filter] once the filter is applied, when we go back to the filter the search for data given is not displayed. 
* DEF2357 [Author][Date] Wrong month value is selecting while  editing  default value for Date/Date&Time  in authorattribute
* DEF1316 [Appcenter] Inline filters are NOT reapplied when returning to Workflow listing page
* DEF2335 [Appcenter][Bulk Import] The latest notifications should be on top.
* DEF2340 [Appcenter][Import] Notification of successful import is failing to show after  the first such notification
* DEF2339 [Appcenter][WF]In-line filters carried over to other tabs instead of  just the required tab
* DEF2314 [UI Refresh][AppCenter]: In 'State Model' drop-down, arrow (i.e. up/down) is not clickable. However, near by space is working.
* DEF2118 [UI Refresh][Roles] When user clicks on delete role it doesn't remove it from the screen.
* DEF2116 [UI] Allows to have same attribute name in the DS and also allows to deploy the DS on listing page.
* DEF1346 [Appcenter][Workflow-advance filter]:Complete username is not displayed in UI for respond by and request by username.
* DEF1218 [Appcenter] [Workflow] Pending records count is not updated when user clicks on DS name 
* DEF2321 [UI Refresh][Appcenter] [WF] The pending review records are not highlighted.
* DEF2296 [UI Refresh] [Author] Secure logo is not showing for Collection of Text, Collection of RichText, Collection of File, Collection of LongText after applying Secure value as true.
* DEF2288 [UI Refresh][Appcenter]  By default, attributes checkboxes in View Column should be checked.
* DEF2123 [UI Refresh] Collection label names are missing in app center
* DEF2095 UBAC/DBAC: It shows different error message in File Mapper