# Images

| Component | Short code | Image |
|--|--|--|
| Service manager | sm | data.stack.sm:2.6.3 |
| Base | base | data.stack.base:2.6.3 |
| Gateway | gw | data.stack.gw:2.6.3 |
| Common | common | data.stack.common:2.6.3 |
| Proxy | proxy | data.stack.proxy:2.6.3 |
| User | user | data.stack.user:2.6.3 |
| Notification engine | ne | data.stack.ne:2.6.3 |
| Monitoring | mon | data.stack.mon:2.6.3 |
| B2B Manager | bm | data.stack.bm:2.6.3 |
| B2B Base | b2b-base | data.stack.b2b.base:2.6.3 |
| FaaS base | faas-base | data.stack.faas.base:2.6.3 |

# Defects
* DEF1091	Unable to view interaction details
* DEF1454	[Appcenter][State Model] After adding the state model attribute in a step under personalise in experience tab, the step shown in appcenter is empty.
* DEF1483	[Author] When the user pastes the attribute name while adding an attribute the focus goes away.
* DEF1499	[Author] Bottom margin is required for library view screen and app panel screen.
* DEF1510	[Inline Filter] Record listing screen breaks when date filter is opened.
* DEF1519	[Author]User is able to delete name of group in edit 
* DEF1668	[Appcenter] When a record is created via API which contains location attribute blank map is displayed .
* DEF1670	[History] The full history is not available.
* DEF1704	[FAAS] Change the text displayed when there are no functions added.
* DEF1705	[Library] Unable to re-order the attributes, click & drag doesn't work.
* DEF1716	[AppCenter] For the 'Relation' type field:It shows '[object object]' in the relation field if specific DS is relates with another DS which also have relation field.
* DEF1717	[DS] When a DS with relation to a stopped DS is deployed, the related DS should also be started/deployed.
* DEF1736	[AppCenter] Custom Error Is Not Getting for LongText and RichText.
* DEF1751	[App Center] [Intermittent issue] Throws error while importing records but the record is imported successfully.
* DEF1797	[AppCenter][Upload] Schema Free: Details are not as per 'schema designer' while 'view' the valid records.
* DEF1801	[AppCenter][Advanced Filter] Schema Free: Vertical scroll bar should be there in case of more numbers of filters are saved.
* DEF1855	[Author]AppAdmin is unable to create users 
* DEF1885	[AppCenter]: Unable to save record having 'user' type attribute as it shows error 'Oops, something went wrong'
* DEF1901	[Data Format] Cannot create data formats due to 500 internal error
* DEF1904	[B2B] Flows are not deployed i.e deploy is not working.
* DEF1905	[B2B] On copy pasting the url from the flow it shows undefined.
* DEF1911	[b2b][data format] 500 shows up for cloning data format but  clone created on refresh
* DEF1912	[b2b][data format] Cannot save data format
* DEF1915	[b2b] 'Flow name already in use' message often popping up while creating new flows
* DEF1917	[b2b][flows] Unable to delete flows
* DEF1969	[QA/Bifrost] [AppCenter] Unique check validation failed error is not getting for User attribute ,All Number type attributes and All Text type attributes.
* DEF1992	[Staging][AppCenter][SchemaDesigner]: Validation message is not proper while importing blank file
* DEF2061	[Author]: Validation message saying 'Name cannot exceed 40 characters....'  is not showing while clone the DataService
* DEF2069	[Author]: 'Clone' is not working properly for 'Settings' tab (It is being cloned except for 'Delete data permanently when a record is deleted at the App Center')
* DEF2077	[Appcenter] Schema free DS shouldn't have bulk edit option.
* DEF2099	[UBAC/DBAC]: For date attribute, dynamic filter condition is getting matched though record is not getting saved.
* DEF2154	[Appcenter][UBAC]Blocker for Date Attribute 
* DEF2242	[Author] Secure field check job is running for DS which doesn't have secure fields.
* DEF2297	[UI Refresh][AppCenter][Secure File]: Validation message is different (as per old UI) if password is incorrect.
* DEF2300	AppCenter: facing error if record having '#' or '%' in ID
* DEF2317	[Author]Unable to add more than 5 user attributes
* DEF2347	[B2B][Author]: Clone is not working for 'Data Pipes'
* DEF2348	[B2B] Blank interaction gets created on triggering the flow from postman
* DEF2351	[B2B][Author] Able to edit the flow in view mode.
* DEF2356	[UI Refresh][Date/Date&Time] Unable to edit Date/Date&Time record with default value.
* DEF2365	[Appcenter] The attributes shrink in edit screen when WF is enabled due to review msg.
* DEF2366	[Author][FAAS] The cloned faas endpoint remains the same as original.
* DEF2393	[B2B]When the flow doesn't contain any interactions it shows blank screen, instead of a message.
* DEF2395	B2B: Flow nodes are not getting cloned while clone the data-pipe
* DEF2415	[Author][Relation] Wrong DS is started when it has multiple relation.
* DEF2418	[Bots] The group status i.e Active/ Inactive is not reflected under Bots => Groups.
* DEF2419	[Author][Service] bottom margin of Roles, Audit and Design is not proper
* DEF2420	B2B: For 'Data Service' flow node, it dont show proper message if there is no any data service available under App.
* DEF2421	AppCenter: It shows 'object object' for advanced filter on opening the duplicate tab.
* DEF2422	Inline Filters: While try to apply more than one inline filters, it shows 'N.A.' for those records which are not fall in filter condition. (It should show only applicable records)
* DEF2426	B2B: DataService name goes out of the box if name is greater than 40 chars
* DEF2428	[Author] [Admin Panel]: Its keep loading if try to search the app with any irrelevant name. 
* DEF2431	[Author] [library, data-format and connectors] creating page name input warning circle is out of input field
* DEF2432	[Author] user is allowed to save connector without name while editing
* DEF2433	[Author] [Bulk Import]: If file having only headers (no data at all), it shows error message, but specific error is not showing while clicking on notification.
* DEF2434	[AppCenter] [SchemaFree] [Advanced Filter]: While trying to filter with only 'Project' field, it shows 'N.A' for 'CREATED' & 'LAST UPDATED' column
* DEF2435	For the DS that got changed from Designer to Schemafree, it shows both SchemaDesigner & SchemaFree format for DS while creating data in appcenter 
* DEF2436	[AppCenter]: It shows '[object object]' in the relation field if relation attribute selected for 'Seach on Field'
* DEF2437	[Author] [Relation]: Entries should not be added in list while selecting value from 'search on field' drop-down (*Entries should be added while selecting values from 'View Fields' drop-down)
* DEF2438	[Author][Exp Hook] Add new button is not working in add step under personalise.
* DEF2439	[Appcenter][History] The count changes on scrolling the history list.
* DEF2440	Author: Facing error while creating the data service
* DEF2444	[QA]: Hooks thru Fass are not getting triggered.
* DEF2445	[Relation] Attributes after Relation-CreateOnly attribute are disappearing while editing.
* DEF2446	[LongText/RichText] Getting Custom Error for LongText/RichText attribute ,if you reach this attribute with TAB operation.
* DEF2449	SchemaFree: Sorting is not working while clicking on column headers.
* DEF2450	SchemaFree: Records are not getting updated thru import (based on _ID)
* DEF2451	[WF][Advanced Filter] When not equal is selected for WF advanced filter in WF listing page the screen is stuck in loading.
* DEF2454	[B2B] [Interactions] Counter Issue.