# Images

| Component | Short code | Image |
|--|--|--|
| Service manager | sm | data.stack.sm:2.6.0 |
| Base | base | data.stack.base:2.6.0 |
| Gateway | gw | data.stack.gw:2.6.0 |
| Common | common | data.stack.common:2.6.0 |
| Proxy | proxy | data.stack.proxy:2.6.0 |
| User | user | data.stack.user:2.6.0 |
| Notification engine | ne | data.stack.ne:2.6.0 |
| Monitoring | mon | data.stack.mon:2.6.0 |
| B2B Manager | bm | data.stack.bm:2.6.0 |
| B2B Base | b2b-base | data.stack.b2b.base:2.6.0 |
| FaaS base | faas-base | data.stack.faas.base:2.6.0 |

# Defects
* DEF2092 UBAC/DBAC: Dynamic Filter is not working when multiple dynamic filters enabled under group
* DEF2094 [UBAC/DBAC] [State model] State of the record is changed even when the dynamic filter is not satisfied.
* DEF2101 [UI Refresh] [Groups] No way to get out of add/create group modal.
* DEF2102 [Author UI][App panel] Server error message popping up on opening app panel
* DEF2107 [Author UI][DS] Unable to delets DS
* DEF2113 [Author UI][Users] Profile Settings inactive
* DEF2115 [UI Refresh] The DS action buttons are not aligned.
* DEF2124 [UI Refresh][Author] When a user is created in app panel, it requires a refresh to list it.
* DEF2125 [UI Refresh][Appcenter] The DS name is not displayed in record add/edit screen.
* DEF2127 [UI Refresh][Author]: Wrong navigation path is showing (i.e. <AppName> is not showing)
* DEF2128 [UI Refresh][Author]: Import data service is not working
* DEF2133 [UI Refresh][Author][Data Service]: Tooltip is only showing for 'Stop' button (along with version#) & Tooltip is not showing for other buttons (i.e. Edit, View, Clone, Delete, API)
* DEF2139 [UI Refresh][Author][Data service]: There is no use of 'check box' along with 'Name' column header
* DEF2164 [UI Refresh][Appcenter] Delete and Back buttons are not there after clicking on record in appcenter
* DEF2170 [Author][Hooks]Pre and post hook showing 500 error
* DEF2184 [UI Refresh][Author]: For all integration pages (i.e. Flows, Data Formats, Agents), it shows lable 'Home' twice.
* DEF2189 [Author][UI Refresh] State Model is not aligned in the attribute under design tab.
* DEF2200 UBAC/DBAC: Prehook validation message (i.e. as per functions/sandbox) is not showing. 
* DEF2204 [UI Refresh][Author]: Horizontal scroll bar is not showing under 'Insights' page. 
* DEF2213 [UI Refresh][App Center][SchemaFree]: Filter list is not showing properly.
* DEF2215 [UI Refresh][App Center][SchemaFree]: Facing error while user#2 try to save the filter that is created by user#1.
* DEF2234 [UI Refresh][App Center]: For 'Relation' attribute type, it shows pop-up saying 'Unsaved Changes?' (no such pop-up showing in old UI)
* DEF2239 [UBAC]: It is showing error for SecureText
* DEF2268 [UI Refresh]: As per UX page, close icon is not showing in navigation panel.
* DEF2269 [UI Refresh] [AppCenter]: 'N.A.' is not showing as per old UI
* DEF2284 [UI Refresh][AppCenter]: 'Delete' is not working for specific Test Data (App: UIRefresh, DS: UpdateSample DS)
* DEF2286 [UBAC/DBAC][Author][Swagger API Transaction]:  If UBAC condition is not getting matched, it even shows '200 status code'.
* DEF2338 [UI Refresh] [AppCenter] [SchemaFree]: Click on 'Add Data' button, screen is not stable & keep moving
* DEF2359 [qa][Function]: Function status remain in 'Pending' status & it's not getting changed to 'Active' (It require page refresh)
* DEF2369 Connectors: Its allow to create dupe connectors
* DEF2370 [Connector] [Author]: 'File Settings' is not getting cloned while 'clone' the DataService.
* DEF2372 [AppCenter]: User is able to upload the file even he doesn't have 'manage' permission.
* DEF2373 [AzureBlob & s3]: Entries (of those records which are not saved from UI) are not getting deleted even after cronjob is running.
* DEF2383 [Connectors][Author]: 'File Settings' are not getting saved (as it shows blank values even after select the values & deploy the DS)
* DEF2386  [Connectors][Author]: Allows to save connectors having only name (means no validation for secret key/access key)
* DEF2391 [Author] User doesn't have access to connectors even when manage permission is given.
* DEF2392 [Author] User shouldn't be able to create a DS if doesn't have permission to connectors.
* DEF2394 [Appcenter]Scrollbar is not working in interactions screen.
* DEF2396 Connector: Those connectors having blank details (i.e. connectionString/key/host) are still showing under list page & available for selection under datservice.
* DEF2397 Connector Edit page: Error 'Cannot read properties of undefined (reading 'fields')' showing while switching between different connector types.
* DEF2399 [Author][Connectors] The connectors settings screen is different for the normal user and admin/app admin.
* DEF2403 [Connectors] User should not be able to delete a connector which is in use.
* DEF2405 [Author] Connectors and datapipes is displayed under dataservice instead of integration.
* DEF2407 Connector: Old DSes taking time to fetch connector details & 'connector type' is not showing.
* DEF2410 For NormalUser: ConnectorName is not getting edited.
* DEF2413 Connectors are not maintained properly while switching between the different apps.
* DEF2414 [B2B] The Datapipe upsert is not working for any other attribute other than '_id'.
* DEF2416 DS having 'AzureBlobStorage' connector: 'Secure File' download is not working as it shows error (saying 'The specified blob does not exist.....')
* DEF1834 [AppCenter][Advanced Filter] Schema Free: When count > 30 records then it first shows default 30 records & repeats the same records every time.
* DEF1979 [Staging][Author]Superadmin is not able to create users from superadmin access user's panel 
* DEF2104 [Author UI][Group] Delete group button inactive
* DEF2105 [Author UI][Users] Unable to import Azure AD users onto UI
* DEF2106 [Author UI][Swagger] Swagger is inactive
* DEF2108 [UI Refresh][Author] Unable to scroll in roles page.
* DEF2111 [Author] [UBAC/DBAC]DS failing to get deployed when UBAC/DBAC filters are applied
* DEF2114 [Appcenter][UBAC/DBAC] 500 error for dynamic role
* DEF2117 [Appcenter][UBAC/DBAC] Unexpected error for dynamic Filter
* DEF2122 [Author UI][Design] 'Relates To' box is missing
* DEF2138 [UBAC/DBAC] Adding a DBAC filter to DS doesn't display the values of User attribute.
* DEF2158 [UI Refresh][App Center]: File upload is getting failed.
* DEF2198 [Author]Swagger page down
* DEF2216 [UI Refresh][App Center]: Primary theme color is not as per UX page. (it shows 'red' instead of 'blue')
* DEF2260 [Appcenter][File attachment] Unable to upload files to appcenter
* DEF2271 [Author][Users] User not being removed from app after a 200 response is shown
* DEF2385 [Connectors]: it allows to save the connector with wrong combination (i.e.  Apache Kafka with Storage)
* DEF2389 [Connectors]Failing to upload file to amazon S3 as File Settings get revoked to empty on Data Service automatically
* DEF2390 [History] The history comes back if a record with same id as before is created in the DS with same name.
* DEF2398 [Connectors] The connectors after creating the DS are not same as at the time of DS creation.
* DEF2400 [Connectors] Connector settings shouldn’t be there for SchemaFree.
* DEF2401 [Appcenter] Unable to download file attachment
* DEF2402 Connectors are available but still its not showing for selection while creating DS/under DS Settings.
* DEF2406 [Author] Add button on DS listing page is not visible for normal user with manage permission for DS
* DEF2409 Connectors: For new App, DS is not getting created & showing error.
* DEF2411 [Author]On QA env Swagger is down 
* DEF1003 [Appcenter][WorkFlow] The icon is not getting changed when there are new work items.
* DEF1005 [Author][Library] Random capitalisation of words is not required.
* DEF1582 [App Center] [WF] The number of work items is not displayed in the navigation bar.
* DEF1720 [AppCenter] Advanced Filter: On opening the saved WF filter, relevant conditions of 'Search For' drop-down is not showing.
* DEF1793 [AppCenter] Schema Free: Extra space is showing below column headers.
* DEF1795 [AppCenter][Advanced Filter] Schema Free: tool tip is not proper.
* DEF1868 [Bifrost][AppCenter]: For interaction,  it shows old base path (i.e. pm) instead of new base path (i.e. bm)
* DEF2209 [Appcenter][Record] WF being mentioned in payload even though WF if not enabled for DS
* DEF2364 [Author][Data Pipe] stop is overlapping on last invoked
* DEF2367 [App Panel] Reset is not working for Theme -> Accent Color
* DEF2371 [Author] The bottom margin of users page is not proper.
* DEF2379 [Appcenter][Map] Longitude is named as Latitude, it should be changed
* DEF1059 Quick filters for number and date ranges in ds/wf listing
* DEF1287 [Author][Condition]:On  adding two conditions with and/or operation and clicking on add fields for both the conditons the search fields are  getting overlapped.
* DEF1684 [Appcenter][Workflow] Respond button of the records disappear when a record is responded
* DEF1721 [AppCenter] Advanced Filter: In case of 'Group' type, it don't show the sub-fields in WF filter
* DEF2130 [UI Refresh][Author/AppCenter][Login Page]:Few details (i.e. T&C, Privacy Policy, etc...) are not showing 
* DEF2316 [Author][Groups] Delete users button is inactive on user listing page in groups.
* DEF2327 [Author] [DS/Library/Function]: Search with 3+ chars & remove all these chars together, it dont show the original list. 
* DEF2342 [Author][Personalize] There is no save button available to save the step name in Personalize tab.
* DEF2345 [B2B][Author]: Tooltip is not proper for 'DataService' node
* DEF2346 [B2B][Author]: Integration options (i.e. Data Pipes, Data Formats, Agents) are not getting open while clicking on it.
* DEF2350 [B2B][Author] The search in API Receiver - Data schema is not working properly.
* DEF2353 [B2B] [Author]: From 'Data Pipes' create/edit page, 'Unsaved change' popup is not showing while navigate to other items. It causes data lost.
* DEF2374 [UI Refresh][Author] Schema builder name should be truncated
* DEF2375 [UI Refresh][Author]The veritcal break on users and bots page doesn't cover the whole screen
* DEF2376 [Author][Bot] The Bottom margin of Bot page is not proper
* DEF2377 [Author][User] User list is not updated when user is imported 
* DEF2378 [Appcenter][upload] mapping section right border is not proper and middle scrollbar should be removed
* DEF2380 [B2B] [Author]: From 'Connectors' create/edit page, 'Unsaved change' popup is not showing while navigate to other items. It causes data lost.
* DEF2381 [B2B] [Author]: 'No' button is not showing in the 'Unsaved change' popup from 'Data Formats' create/edit page.
* DEF2382 [Connectors][Author]: Blank details are showing for new DS under 'File Settings' 
* DEF2384 [Author]: Unable to scroll down as vertical scroll-bar is not there under 'DS Settings'
* DEF2387 DataPipe: It shows '[object Object]' while saving the DataPipe.
* DEF2388 [Connectors]: Wrong message showing while saving the connector.
* DEF2404 Connector Edit Page: Clear all the mandatory fields & try to save it, it shows message 'Connector saved successfully' instead of validation message for the mandatory fields.
* DEF2408 [Appcenter][Data Pipe] view and edit page bottom margin is out of screen