# Builds

| Component | Short code | Image |
|--|--|--|
| Proxy | proxy | data.stack:proxy.1.1.0 |
| Deployment manager | dm | data.stack:dm.1.1.0 |
| Gateway | gw | data.stack:gw.1.1.1 |
| Service manager | sm | data.stack:sm.1.1.1 |
| Base image | base | data.stack:base.1.1.1 |
| Partner manager | pm | data.stack:pm.1.1.0 |
| User management | user | data.stack:user.1.1.0 |
| Notification engine | ne | data.stack:ne.1.1.0 |
| Monitoring | mon | data.stack:mon.1.1.0 |
| Security | sec | data.stack:sec.1.1.0 |

# Defects

* DEF1388: \[Author\] User with manage permission for Data services is not able to save & deploy the DS. |
* DEF1330: \[Appcenter\]\[WF\] Unable to approve or reject work items which has deleted record relation. |
* DEF1380: \[Cloud\] data.stack > Stories is not loading more records. |
* DEF1379: \[File Type Restriction\] If user have a  .exe file and rename the extension to any acceptable file type, it allows the upload. |
* DEF1378: \[Appcenter\] File Attachment, Validation not working. |
* DEF1360: \[Author\]\[Groups\] user who has view permission for basic settings and members tab under groups is unable to view members of group. |
* DEF1377: \[Author\]\[FAAS\] Last invoked data is not coming up for functions. |
* DEF1291: \[Author\]\[Role\]\[Conditions\] Unable to change dataservice in select and traverse  |
* DEF1290: \[Author\]\[Role\]\[Conditions\] Filetype conditions is not working as expected  |
* DEF1284: \[Author\]\[Data Service\] "Delete All" in Design tab breaks UI |
* DEF1279: \[Author\]\[Data service\] Attribute value in condition is not displayed in view screen |
* DEF1384: \[Author\]\[Data Service\]:The file extension should be removed from the settings tab. |
* DEF1373: AppCenter UI stuck when trying to logout again |
* DEF1367: \[Author\] Relationships -> Search on field is not visible on view screen |
* DEF1358: \[Author\]\[Groups\]:User permission are not working as expected. |
* DEF1347: \[Appcenter\]\[History\] In WF enabled DS, the record history shows the approver as creator. |
* DEF1335: \[Appcenter\] Inline filter for date in collection of group of date isn't working. |
* DEF1359: \[Author\]\[Groups\]:User with bots end session permission does not have an option to end session of the bot, the end session button is not available in UI |
* DEF1361: \[Appcenter\] \[Export All\] when User do export all, if DS is having a attribute type "file" then unnecessary columns are downloaded |
* DEF1283: \[Author\]\[Roles Condition\]:Condition with collection attribute is not working |
* DEF1376: \[Bulk import\]:Bulk Updating a of records which has _id as custom _id is not getting updated. |
* DEF1372: \[AppCenter\] File mapper - Unnecessary console.log statements |
* DEF1371: \[AppCenter\] File mapper - Remove the progress bar at the end and make it a message |
* DEF1370: \[AppCenter\] File mapper - Remove slide-in animation for pop-ups |
* DEF1369: \[AppCenter\] File mapper - Make file upload area clickable |
* DEF1368: \[Author\] Relationships -> Search on field should be auto added to View fields |
* DEF1156: \[Appcenter\] History is not displayed properly |
* DEF1389: \[appcenter\]\[bulk upload\]:On uploading the records via bulk upload , i'll have to refresh the page to get the notification. |
* DEF1247: \[Author\]\[App Panel\] \[management\] Replace service as "Services" |