# Builds

| Component | Short code | Image | Image ID |
|--|--|--|--|
| Proxy | proxy | data.stack:proxy.1.1.0 | 913d9ffebed0 |
| Deployment manager | dm | data.stack:dm.1.1.0 | fc003b709f41 |
| Gateway | gw | data.stack:gw.1.1.0 | 0bf4ee066d65 |
| Service manager | sm | data.stack:sm.1.1.0 | d15363558dfe |
| Base image | base | data.stack:base.1.1.0 | b56387478f44 |
| Partner manager | pm | data.stack:pm.1.1.0 | 00156096e918 |
| User management | user | data.stack:user.1.1.0 | 45c9d67c42fc |
| Notification engine | ne | data.stack:ne.1.1.0 | 511e5888db45 |
| Monitoring | mon | data.stack:mon.1.1.0 | 10cb4e06f507 |
| Security | sec | data.stack:sec.1.1.0 | bf4b3be73777 |

# Stories
* STO1054 : [Author][UI][FAAS] As a user, I must be able to write and deploy hooks/nanoservices from data.stack UI
* STO1067 : [Author][UI] As a user, I must be able to purge logs from Insights
* STO1072 : [Appcenter][UI] Link for relation attributes in the Edit/Save page to be able to navigate to related entity
* STO1057 : [Author][UI] As a user I must be able to select the functions from function page in hooks

# Defects
* DEF1366 : [Appcenter][WF] Approval of updated record is throwing error.
* DEF1362 : [PreHook] Prehook is not working as expected when the hook is external.
* DEF1363 : [PostHook] Posthook is not working as expected when the hook is external.
* DEF1364 : [WF Hook] WF hook isn't working as expected when the hook is external.
* DEF1365 : [Appcenter][DS-WF]:Unable to delete records in DS which has workflow enabled in staging env.
* DEF1355 : [Appcenter][export] Records exported have extra columns _metadata.deleted, _metadata.version.release, metadata.version.document, __v added in the file.
* DEF1315 : [Author][Functions] The version of the function should be displayed once its edited.
* DEF1338 : [AUthor][Functions]:On deleting the functions,its throwing error oops something went wrong and the page is breaking.
* DEF1336 : [Appcenter][Function]:For functions hook in data service its throwing error 'Pre-save 'test' down! Unable to proceed.' even when the functon is running 
* DEF1317 : [Appcenter] [secure text] Even when the value for secure text regex is correct it throws '<service_id> validation failed: secure: secure regex is invalid' error and unable to save the record.
* DEF1229 : [Appcenter][Export All]:Export all is not working.
* DEF1353 : [Appcenter][Condition]:Condition with library (location)  with equal to  is not working.
* DEF1354 : [Author][Functions]:Unable to delete a function
* DEF1352 : [Author][Functions]:Functions are not starting on save and deploy or start  with error in pod logs Error: Cannot find module '@appveen/ds-sdk'
* DEF1325 : [Appcenter][DS]:For a DS with type user,providing incorrect username and saving the record is throwing incorrect error=> unable to fetch reference data.
* DEF1349 : [Author][Functions]:Creating a function with same name is throwing error 'entity name already in use'.
* DEF1327 : [Appcenter][WF] The record ID's are not bring created for workflow enabled DS.
* DEF1320 : [Author][DS] There is no way to clear the default value for list of values in number.
* DEF1343 : [Appcenter][Import] Importing records fails in the last the step, throws error 'file cannot be imported due to errors'.
* DEF1324 : [Appcenter][Data-service]:When a DS has an attribute of type user and with unique property, its throwing incorrect error when unique validation fails while creating a record.
* DEF1296 : [Author][Functions]:The advance filter options is not visible for user in UI and its not working
* DEF1302 : [Author][Functions]:The environment varibale are not being picked from configmap and displayed in UI for functions
* DEF1181 : [Author] [Users] Inline filter for 'Last Login'  is not working as expected
* DEF1328 : [Appcenter][WF] User who has view permission for related DS is unable to view the records of related DS.
* DEF1274 :  [Author][Data Service] In the search ID for the relation the drop-down is displaying the attributes of the relation twice.
* DEF1306 : [Author][Conditions]:The traverse option should be hidden in UI.
* DEF1295 : [Author][Functions] :In functions , draft status option is not available for inline filter in listing page.
* DEF1294 : [Author][Functions]:For functions,inline filter for name and url is not working
* DEF1292 : [Author][Functions]:On creating a new function its not appearing on the listing page until the page is refreshed.
* DEF1278 : [Anuthor][DS][LIB]:On adding an attribute to DS of type lib  which has no attribute in it is throwning an error on saving the DS.
* DEF1277 : [Author][Data Services]:On PUT request the post-hook is giving old data value as null.
* DEF1264 :  The relation field value is shown as 'N.A' when the user has only review permission of the Data Service.
* DEF1326 : [Author][DS]:The default value for user is not displayed when the DS is open in view mode and then clicking edit mode.
* DEF1307 : [Appcenter][Work items] The work items aren't loading in a DS.
* DEF1309 : [Appcenter][Work items] For user with only review permission, the work items aren't loading.
* DEF1313 : [Author][Functions] In the inline filter drop down of status, DISABLED option is not required.
* DEF1312 : [Author][Functions] User is able to edit the function in view mode.
* DEF1314 : [Author][Functions] In the inline filter of status, the PENDING option is not there.
* DEF1285 : [Appcenter][DataService] Values of View Fields added for the User attribute are not displayed in the records.
* DEF1291 : [Author][Role][Conditions] Unable to change dataservice in select and traverse 
* DEF1279 : [Author][Data service] Attribute value in condition is not displayed in view screen
* DEF1256 : [Author][DS-experience]:On creating a ds with attributes and adding steps and attributes to it, the add action goes down in the screen.
* DEF1280 : [Author][DS][Condition]:On Put request adding attribute to a  DS and these newly added attributes are not displayed in the condition attribute list .
* DEF1289[Author][Conditions]:On creating a condition with attribute ID its again asking for add attribute.
* DEF1284 : [Author][Data Service] 'Delete All' in Design tab breaks UI
* DEF1290 : [Author][Role][Conditions] Filetype conditions is not working as expected 
* DEF1226 : [Appcenter][WF][Advance filter] The options in search for field isn't coming up for relation attribute.
* DEF1225 : [Appcenter][WF][Advance filter] The options in search for field isn't coming up for user attribute.
* DEF1238 : [Author] [Admin Panel] [Users] Clear filters option is not there
* DEF1247 : [Author][App Panel] [management] Replace service as 'Services'
* DEF1283 : [Author][Roles Condition]:Condition with collection attribute is not working
* DEF1269 : [Author][Data Service][Roles][Library Attribute] Role condition with Library Attribute is not working
* DEF1246 : [Appcenter] For auto suggestion drop downs user is forced to click then type for suggestions
* DEF1276 : [Author][Bots]:The info to copy the bots password is not provided on creating a bot key
* DEF1270 : [Author][Data service]:Unable to save and deploy a data service after adding condition to roles.
* DEF1245 : [Author][Insights]:The date and time field is not working as expected.
* DEF1282 : [Author][Roles Condition]:Condition with date attribute is not working
* DEF1221 : Hide b2b's components(partner,nano service,data format and agents) in groups
* DEF1048 : [Author]:The app name is not completely displayed ,use a tooltip to display it  on mouseover the app name.
* DEF1125 : [Appcenter] Data Service is displayed in both 'Starred' and 'Others'  list
* DEF1222 : [Appcenter] inline filter for created on and updated on are not working
* DEF1275 :  [Author][Data Service][Roles] When trying to create condition the LoggedInUser Options are not displayed for selection
* DEF1243 : [Author][DS][Integration]:On editing a prehook,it should show save button and not add button.
* DEF1250 : [Author][DS-integration]:On editing any integration hook its shows add instead of save the hook
* DEF1255 : [Author][DS-experience]:The error info for experience hook's name is incorrect.
* DEF1260 : [author][Insights]:In Insights,change the time column to date and time in all the tabs.
* DEF1165 : [Author][Insights]:For DS tab in insights,when the date value provided in inline filter for time column unable to clear the value.
* DEF1139 : [Appcenter][Advance filter]:In advance filter for a ds,for boolean attribute  search option shows true and false but in records its shows yes/no.
* DEF1257 : [Author][DS-experience]:When the step name is not entered display an error info for the step name text box
* DEF1271 :	[Author][Data Service]:In roles under select  condition,when an user/relation/library attribute is selected no option is provided to enter the value.
* DEF1272 :	[Author][Data service] Unable to save and deploy a data service after deleting condition to roles.
