# Builds

| Component | Short code | Image |
|--|--|--|--|
| Service manager | sm | data.stack:sm.1.1.4 |
| Base | base | data.stack:base.1.1.4 |
| Gateway | gw | data.stack:gw.1.1.4 |
| Common | common | data.stack:common.1.1.1 |
| Proxy | proxy | data.stack:proxy.1.1.2 |
| User | user | data.stack:user.1.1.1 |
| Deployment manager | dm | data.stack:dm.1.1.0 |
| Notification engine | ne | data.stack:ne.1.1.1 |
| Security | sec | data.stack:sec.1.1.0 |
| Monitoring | mon | data.stack:mon.1.1.1 |
| Partner manager | pm | data.stack:pm.1.1.1 |
| FaaS base image | faas-base | data.stack:faas.base.1.1.1 |
| B2B Gateway | b2bgw | data.stack:b2bgw.1.1.0 |
| B2B base image| b2b-base | data.stack:b2b.base.1.1.1 |

# Stories
* STORY1091: \[TXN\] As a user i should be able to CUD data on multiple data-services using transactions with pre-hooks
* STORY1090: \[TXN\] As a user i should be able to CUD data on multiple data-services using transactions
* STORY1089: \[TXN\] As a user i should NOT be allowed to do CUD data on data-services using transactions if workflow has been enabled and i don't have Skip-Review permissions
* STORY1088: \[TXN\] As a user i should be able to CUD data on data-services using transactions if workflow has been enabled and i have Skip-Review permissions
* STORY1086: \[TXN\] As a user i should be able to CUD data on a data-service using transactions with pre-hooks
* STORY1085: \[TXN\] As a user i should be able to CUD data on a single data-service using transactions

# Defects
* DEF1162: \[Author\]\[Insights\]:User login and logout details are not logged in the user insights tab for an app
* DEF1323: Hide b2b components in author(Partner,NS,agents ,DF and in app panel ) and appcenter.
* DEF1344: \[Author\]\[Insights\]:In insight,on clicking user tab the log details are not displayed.
* DEF1351: \[Author\]\[FAAS\] Unable to use/hit functions in experience hook, throws error 'Unauthorised'.
* DEF1391: \[Appcenter\]\[Export\]:Unable to select and export 600+  as the request URI is too large.
* DEF1394: \[Appcenter\] \[secure text\] Even when the value for secure text regex is correct it throws '<service_id> validation failed: secure: secure regex is invalid' its failing when its WF.
* DEF1399: \[TXN\]: Using transaction,user is unable to perform PUT operation on single DS
* DEF1400: \[TXN\]:For transaction, Non-super admin user is unable to perform POST operation on single DS.
* DEF1401: \[TXN\]:The CUD operation using transaction should have a proper response body .
* DEF1402: \[TXN\]:For transaction, Non-super admin user is unable to perform PUT operation on single DS.
* DEF1403: \[TXN\]:For transaction, Non-super admin user is unable to perform DELETE operation on single DS.
* DEF1405: \[TXN\]:User is unable to perform CUD operation when the attribute in DS is of email or user data type with error {     'message': 'schema is invalid: data.properties\['emailId'\].type should be equal to one of the allowed values, data.properties\['emailId'\].type\[0\] should be equal to one of the allowed values, data.properties\['emailId'\].type should match some schema in anyOf' }
* DEF1407: \[TXN\]:User is unable to perform  POST operation of  records using transaction ,it throws the error 'message': 'schema with key or id \'http://appveen.com/product.schema.json\' already exists' }
* DEF1408: \[TXN\]: Unable to CUD operation when the DS has secure text field.
* DEF1410: \[TXN\]: When user performs CUD record operation on DS  using txn API the created AT and last updated is not getting generated.
* DEF1411: \[TXN\]: When the record _id auto-generating format is different when created via TXN API and via UI. 
* DEF1412: \[TXN\]\[Appcenter\]: User is unable to select/select all and delete a record which is created via TXN api ,its throwing error could not delete document with _id DEP23
* DEF1413: \[TXN\] User is  unable to do CUD operation when the  data-service  have location attribute,
* DEF1414: \[Author\] \[Data service\] Date and Date & Time are not clickable while selecting type.
* DEF1415: \[TXN\]:Using transaction,user is unable to perform PUT operation on multiple DS
* DEF1416: \[TXN\]:User without skip review permission is able to do transaction CUD operation on DS's which has review enabled.
* DEF1417: \[TXN\]:User with skip review permission is unable to do transaction CUD operation on DS's which has review enabled.
* DEF1418: \[TXN\]:User is unable to perform POST operation with 1k records using transaction , its throw  'message': 'request entity too large' error with status code 413.
* DEF1419: \[TXN\]:User is unable to perform CU operation when the  DS has prehook .
* DEF1422: \[TXN\]:Unable to CUD on data service to create records, its throwing status code 400 with message 'This MongoDB deployment does not support retryable writes. Please add retryWrites=false to your connection string.'
* DEF1424: \[Appcenter\]\[Inline filter\]:When an inline filter is applied for _id in DS1  on switching to DS2 listing page the same inline filter is applied for _id in DS2.
* DEF1425: \[Unique Check Field\] When the record with unique check is cloned, it is being saved with duplicate values.
* DEF1426: \[TXN\]\[Insights\]:In insights the data is missing for data and time, status code and record Id in Integration tab when the records  are created using transaction.
* DEF1404: \[TXN\]:Unable to perform CUD operation on single DS its throwing the error  message': 'Cannot find module '/app/generatedCode/SRVC4920_1/pre-hook.js'\nRequire stack:\n- /app/utils/pre-processor.utils.js\n- /app/app.js' }
* DEF1406: \[TXN\]:User is unable to create records using transaction ,it throws the error 'body': '_ is not defined'.
* DEF1008: \[Author\] \[App Panel\] \[Management\] 'Disable Insights' option should be inside Data Service Configuration
* DEF1012: \[Author\] \[App Panel\] Save changes button should be 'Save' button
* DEF1025: \[Author\] \[Settings Tab\] Remove 'About this Data Service' in setting Tab
* DEF1124: \[Author\] For List of values attribute 'Save&Deploy' button should not be enable  until user adds values under advanced properties
* DEF1232: \[Author\]\[APP-User\]:While importing a user, groups option is not provided.
* DEF1244: \[Author\]\[App-User\]:After adding an user in app and again click on  add user, the group  option is not provided.
* DEF1248: Inline filter is not applied again when user clicks on back button to DS Listing screen
* DEF1318: \[Author\]\[Data service\] When a user adds a pattern for text schema and selects default value field and clicks away, the save & deploy button is disabled.
* DEF1397: \[Insight\] FaaS URL in PostHook should only show the endpoint
* DEF1409: \[TXN\]:When performing POST method using TXN api for 2 DS, the records are getting created but the response body is giving no permission message with status code 200.